Update README with development run instructions (#9)
isisbusapps/sharepoint-scheduler-service: README.md

# sharepoint-scheduler-service

This is the service used to by the scheduler to communicate with sharepoint through ms graph.

> To run the current version of dev, navigate to directory with `docker-compose.yml` in Ubuntu, and run the command `docker compose --build`. This will build and run the project, then if you navigate to http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html you should be able to view and run the endpoints (which are currently empty).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the application, navigate to the directory with `docker-compose.yml` in Ubuntu, and run the command `docker compose up --build`. This will build and run the project, then if you navigate to http://localhost:8080/swagger/index.html you should be able to view and run the endpoints (which are currently empty).
```
